Improve config help for querier (#2178)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/configuring/reference-configuration-parameters/index.md

[batch_iterators: <boolean> | default = true]

# (advanced) Maximum lookback beyond which queries are not sent to ingester. 0

> # means all queries are sent to ingester. Should be at least an hour greater

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# means that all queries are sent to the ingester. Set to at least our hour greater
```

# than -querier.query-store-after.
# CLI flag: -querier.query-ingesters-within
[query_ingesters_within: <duration> | default = 13h]

# (advanced) The time after which a metric should be queried from storage and
# not just ingesters. 0 means all queries are sent to store. If this option is
# enabled, the time range of the query sent to the store-gateway will be
# manipulated to ensure the query end is not more recent than 'now -

> # query-store-after'. Should be greater than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# query-store-after'. Set it to be greater than
```

> # -blocks-storage.bucket-store.ignore-blocks-within and at least an hour smaller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# -blocks-storage.bucket-store.ignore-blocks-within and at least one hour less
```
